game/Backup usr/share/tinymux/game
game/Startmux usr/share/tinymux/game
game/_backupflat.sh usr/share/tinymux/game
game/alias.conf usr/share/tinymux/game
game/compat.conf usr/share/tinymux/game
game/data/db_check usr/share/tinymux/game/data
game/data/db_load usr/share/tinymux/game/data
game/data/db_unload usr/share/tinymux/game/data
game/data/netmux.db usr/share/tinymux/game/data
game/mux.config usr/share/tinymux/game
game/muxssl.conf usr/share/tinymux/game
game/netmux.conf usr/share/tinymux/game
game/text/badsite.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/connect.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/create_reg.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/down.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/full.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/guest.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/help.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/motd.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/news.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/newuser.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/plushelp.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/quit.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/register.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/staffhelp.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/wizhelp.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/wizmotd.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
game/text/wiznews.txt usr/share/tinymux/game/text
src/modules/sample.so usr/lib/tinymux/game/bin
src/modules/sqlproxy.so usr/lib/tinymux/game/bin
src/modules/sqlslave.so usr/lib/tinymux/game/bin
src/modules/sum.so usr/lib/tinymux/game/bin
src/netmux usr/lib/tinymux/game/bin
src/slave usr/lib/tinymux/game/bin
src/libmux.so usr/lib/tinymux/game/bin
src/stubslave usr/lib/tinymux/game/bin
debian/tinymux-install usr/games
